Add install instructions for the workspace catalog repo (#3973)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kommander/2.1/workspaces/applications/catalog-applications/index.md

<!-- TODO: settle down the link target to custom applications -->
Catalog applications are any third-party or open source applications that appear in the Catalog. These applications can be provided by D2iQ for use in your environment.

## Install the workspace catalog via the CLI

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Follow these steps to install the catalog from the CLI.

```

Author: fixed in 56cbc97

> ## Installing the workspace catalog via the CLI

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Install the workspace catalog via the CLI
```

Author: fixed in 10fe738!

1.  Set the `WORKSPACE_NAMESPACE` environment variable to the name of your workspace’s namespace:

    ```bash
    export WORKSPACE_NAMESPACE=<workspace namespace>
    ```

1.  Create the `GitRepository`:

    ```sh
    kubectl apply -f - <<EOF
    apiVersion: source.toolkit.fluxcd.io/v1beta1
    kind: GitRepository
    metadata:
      name: dkp-catalog-applications
      namespace: ${WORKSPACE_NAMESPACE}
      labels:
        kommander.d2iq.io/gitapps-gitrepository-type: catalog
    spec:
      interval: 1m0s
      ref:
        branch: main
      timeout: 20s
      url: https://github.com/mesosphere/dkp-catalog-applications  
    EOF
    ```

> 1.  You should now see the workspace catalog `Apps` available in the UI and CLI

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1.  You should now see the workspace catalog `Apps` available in the UI, and in the CLI using `kubectl`:
```

Author: good call, fixed in ac0b90a0140ab050ffc007c599d0216ff412e534!

Reviewer 3: 👍

> 1.  You should now see the workspace catalog `Apps` available in the UI, and in the CLI using `kubectl`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Verify that you can see the workspace catalog `Apps` available in the UI and in the CLI, using `kubectl`:
```

Author: fixed in 56cbc97!

<!-- TODO: settle down the link target to custom applications -->
Catalog applications are any third-party or open source applications that appear in the Catalog. These applications can be provided by D2iQ for use in your environment.

## Install the workspace catalog via the CLI

Follow these steps to install the catalog from the CLI.

1.  Set the `WORKSPACE_NAMESPACE` environment variable to the name of your workspace’s namespace:

    ```bash
    export WORKSPACE_NAMESPACE=<workspace namespace>
    ```

1.  Create the `GitRepository`:

    ```sh
    kubectl apply -f - <<EOF
    apiVersion: source.toolkit.fluxcd.io/v1beta1
    kind: GitRepository
    metadata:
      name: dkp-catalog-applications
      namespace: ${WORKSPACE_NAMESPACE}
      labels:
        kommander.d2iq.io/gitapps-gitrepository-type: catalog
    spec:
      interval: 1m0s
      ref:

>         branch: main

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
        tag: v2.1.1
```
I think we will be tagging dkp-catalog-applications so lets pin to the release version

Author: gotcha, fixed in 5d2bcc7

<!-- TODO: settle down the link target to custom applications -->
Catalog applications are any third-party or open source applications that appear in the Catalog. These applications can be provided by D2iQ for use in your environment.

## Install the workspace catalog via the CLI

Follow these steps to install the catalog from the CLI.

1.  Set the `WORKSPACE_NAMESPACE` environment variable to the name of your workspace’s namespace:

    ```bash
    export WORKSPACE_NAMESPACE=<workspace namespace>
    ```

1.  Create the `GitRepository`:

    ```sh
    kubectl apply -f - <<EOF
    apiVersion: source.toolkit.fluxcd.io/v1beta1
    kind: GitRepository
    metadata:
      name: dkp-catalog-applications
      namespace: ${WORKSPACE_NAMESPACE}
      labels:
        kommander.d2iq.io/gitapps-gitrepository-type: catalog

>         kommander.d2iq.io/gitrepository-type: catalog

Author: @takirala I added the recently required label, I think we still need both right?

Reviewer 4: Yep! We need both for our dkp repo. For user-created custom apps, we just need the gitrepository-type label (gotta add that one to the docs for custom apps)

Author: perfect!
